Add demo slides (#1)
arewm/presentations: 2025-06-26-openssf-community-day-na/pipelines-have-a-purpose.md

  </div>
  <div style="flex: 1;">
    <ul style="list-style-type: '❌ '">
      <li>Policy violations</li>
      <li>Trust model gaps</li>
      <li>Compliance issues</li>
    </ul>
    <img src="img/conforma-red-result.png" width="400" alt="Non-compliant Conforma policy result">
    <img src="img/tasks-are-trusted-fail.png" width="400" alt="Task are trusted rule failure">
  </div>
</div>

<!--
Julen will demonstrate this workflow
Shows real-world progression from experiment to production
The task works but there are trust issues
-->

---
# Demo: From Personal Task to Community Asset

### Community contributed trusted task

<div style="display: flex; gap: 10px; align-items: center;">
  <div style="flex: 1;">
    <h4></h4>
    <img src="img/community-contribution.png" width="400" alt="Sandbox custom task resolver">
    <div style="height: 30px;"></div>
    <img src="img/trusted-task.png" width="400" alt="Trusted task resolver">
    <div style="height: 30px;"></div>
    <img src="img/builder-pipeline.png" width="400" alt="Custom build pipeline using ansible-builder">
  </div>
  <div style="flex: 1;">

>     <ul style="list-style-type: '✅ '">

Reviewer: What do you think you would talk about with the points above? Or would you expect that those are points that I would discuss in the middle of your part? I am adding a suggested change.

>       <li>Policy violations</li>
>       <li>Trust model</li>
>       <li>Compliant</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li>No more blocking policy violations</li>
      <li>Trust model extended to include this task</li>
      <li>Adheres to policy requirements</li>
```

    </ul>
    <img src="img/conforma-green-result.png" width="400" alt="Compliant Conforma policy result">
    <img src="img/tasks-are-trusted.png" width="400" alt="Tasks are trusted rule pass">
  </div>
</div>
<!--
Julen will demonstrate this workflow
Shows real-world progression from experiment to production
Contributing upstream solves the trust issues
-->

---

> # Demo: From Personal Task to Community Asset

Reviewer: Do you plan to put content in the slide or go off-slide here?
